Infra: Add note on finding the RTD preview (#2551)
python/peps: README.rst

generation to fail, or result in major rendering defects relative to what you
intend.

> ReadTheDocs preview
> -------------------

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Browse the ReadTheDocs preview
------------------------------
```

* The other L3 headings are framed in imperative, so reworded this one to match
* (Minor nit) Added missing blank line before heading

For every PR, we automatically create a preview of the rendered PEPs using

> ReadTheDocs. You can find it in the branch action box at the bottom of the
> PR page:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`ReadTheDocs <https://readthedocs.org/>`_.
You can find it in the merge box at the bottom of the PR page:
```

* Add link for RTD
* Rename "branch action box" to "merge box", since that's what [GitHub's docs appear to call it](https://docs.github.com/en/pull-requests/collaborating-with-pull-requests/proposing-changes-to-your-work-with-pull-requests/changing-the-stage-of-a-pull-request#marking-a-pull-request-as-ready-for-review), what I generally hear others call it, and what more specifically describes its primary function.

Author: I wasn't sure what to call, I got "branch action" from the CSS class name for the thing :D. "Merge box" is better.

Reviewer: Ah, interesting! Was wondering where that came from...

> - Click "Show all checks" to expand the box
> - Find the line for ``docs/readthedocs.org:pep-previews``
> - Click on "Details" to the right

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Click "Show all checks" to expand the checks section
2. Find the line for ``docs/readthedocs.org:pep-previews``
3. Click on "Details" to the right
```

* This list has order, so it probably should be an ordered list
* "box" -> "checks section" to be more specific about what it expands, since we just called the whole thing a "box"

Reviewer: Also, I'd normally use `:guilabel:` here to get appropriate styling on the UI text, but I'm not sure how GitHub's reST renderer will handle it, and its not _that_ important.
